The princess is pregnant.
Let's go to Changchun Palace and fix it first.
Your Majesty.
No!
The queen is the cousin of the women.
It's not an outsider.
Good.
What did Lihua say?
We all agree.
Princess
Would you mind giving me a guide or two?
No.
Haha.
Your Majesty, be gentle.
The princess is still outside.
She's afraid she'll be jealous.
Flowers without a hundred red days
Yang Lihua, how many days do you think you have been red?
Master Zhao Hua is here.
Come in.
Hello sister sister.
Sister.
The precious flower is truly the good sister of the Lord.
Waiting for me to become pregnant Long Tzu enthroned the emperor.
I will definitely not forget your love for me.
Dear, this is the medicine our master prepared for you.
Yao Phi is so sweet.
I serve you day and night.
Weak body
Why is this soup so bitter?
This is the owner.
Give away your contraceptive soup.
Avoid pain
No, I don't drink contraceptive soup.
You're an evil whore from the bottom of your heart.
What is the right to sit with me?
Feed me.
Give me a drink.
Right.
Sister.
No.
The Queen
I'm on your side.
Four Hy Seedlings
Then the Fourth Reich is your enemy.
As long as you don't let me drink that soup.
I'll tell you.
The Secret of Miao Sixi
What secret?